This is Charlie Nance bringing you another interview.
I am here in conflict and stuff with a short time about the mixture of finance and taxation in Tennessee.
I am glad that we will have the benefit of the experiences of Senator Joe Thomas and Wiley to serve the district of Tennessee General.
So I try as we may to keep this investigation on a judicial basis.
It seems that inevitable in time when the type of person is trying to play the art we investigate
at some good-storing prosecutor's office will come in handy.
But Charlie, we have talked so much lately about this time investigation.
It's supposed to be layered as time being and consider the Washington News of the week our actions.
One thing that will be of interest to people of our state is the action of the Senate finance,
recommending that Congress directs the post-match general to restore full mail service.
So I like to many voted choose the man to nothing to report our favorably to the Senate's legislation to let President approach it must be acted upon by both houses as Congress and be signed in the law by the President.
The poor and his visible results can be effective.
But do you think the order of studying residential mail delivery is to be on the date of the overrun?
Well, it's not good that in the long run it's the will of these guys.
At the price of the mail service will be restored.
But let me tell you that I think that if it isn't so hard that the full-scale rates certainly must be raised.
The full-starth of the department simply cannot continue operating on a 500 million dollars per year.
And it's quite interesting also to note that some of the people who oppose the increasing rates are also very much opposed to doing the right thing.
But we're not going to be able to have our patient eat his food and just because...
The whole of the hair and run of the hair.
That's right.
So is it the attention of the Senate money who is turned to a proposal to make the so-calledlegraph under the civil rights field, the sending business of the Senate?
That's Charlie. Most of the week I've done the voting to the after-party administration and most of the Republicans bring up the civil rights legislation.
I think our listeners can be interested in an explanation of the calling measures legislation.
Now, civil rights bill itself is not being made.
Now, under the rules of the Senate of Oatmuth be taken to decide what item of business is going to be taken to the next.
All in all, this is done merely by the society of the state.
The touch of the bill will be taken out.
If there is no objection and usually there is no objection.
Of course, you now understand this as part of one's punishment kind of check.
And what the interesting thing is to take well and to do on a motion to bring out the full of all his final decision.
And this, and for all of the people's been honest questions, is taking us to the civil rights bill.
Let me tell you that the next, the next, at the point and to the opposition is bringing up this measure.
Actually, there haven't been any hearings held in this country, but forever on FTC legislation.
Hearing them is important. All of the documents that we have, of course, are from the idiots Congress about two and a half years ago.
And just the matter is when I've built this thought up there, the question of recent hearings on it.
And so, just doing things, just really being brought up in a rather unusual manner and other unusual circumstances.
And then, you mean this is not the same bill that you've set aside against the courtiers?
It's going to be shared to me last year, expecting for the new.
I know that they are part of the same general of the court, but they build a protest party against that in the grass.
I'm the civil rights legislation that included the FTC.
And this is FTC, you know.
I noticed when, really, Cinnid was pursuing one of the presidents.
The organization was supposed to get the Cinnid to be debating whether to make these FTC-mayors in the Cinnid business after it's considered all planned.
Well, he said it voted to start aside the consideration of the civil rights measure until the bill's proposed to kill the two reorganization plans that have been considered.
This successful effort was led by Senator Tassel-House.
What were the reorganization plans?
One of them was to have abolished the Office of General Counsel.
That is the subtergeist Office of General Counsel and the National Labor Relations Board.
And, thanks for his administrative and discretionary duties to the chairman before.
That's the way that most of the boards here in Washington operate.
That is, there's not a difference between your six.
On the other hand, what is the question of the Secretary of the Secretary of the Secretary?
Both of these plans were voted down.
The first one was generally in line with the two-ver recommendation.
And the second one, I think, was exactly in line with the two-ver recommendation.
What action do you use to take to the House on this?
Well, under the General Reorganization procedure, the plans go into effect unless either House was sentenced by a clear majority that is a comfortable position in the majority.
This is proof.
Now that the Senate has issued these plans about clear majority, neither of them will go into effect.
Better to keep out of the House during the week, make some full sale cuts in the first week.
The members have been voted for inability to make any appreciable cuts in government expenditure on the tomato holes they are left.
That sounds a bit of a problem.
From the following in line, the legislative process legislate cards up here.
So whether a government can operate efficiently if these drafts is cut, are permitted to stand.
Now, yes, that's best in the House. Make that.
Now they are done across the board, the adoption of 10% for salaries and most civilian agencies.
And if our record is pretty decent, then the defense agencies travel expenses will be reduced by 20% for civilian agencies.
And by 5% I believe it was in the 10th days.
Medical staff for the government's administration and the public health services were exempted by the House Act.
Another amendment provides with 9 out of every 10 vacancies occurring in federal agencies.
And the next year, it's not these bills.
Now, you see the amendments at the House that are on the stand. How much of the President's distress for a $42.8 billion budget?
Well, they asked the required if the budget by these does the $41 billion budget?
Perhaps they had a House that was on the spot.
And the first rating committee, she's before the election.
Well, we would be such a squarely in the middle, I think, saying it was a cally, but the House Act is actually a budget.
And the House Act, I hope, is good for it.
But I do hope that this can go down, and we can smile a night where it's justified.
And we won't have to resort to justice overall, to justice and everything, because some things that couldn't be reduced.
And then other expenditures might have been reduced, even more drastic than 5 or 10 percent.
You know, if I could just have a blind sign of the drive or blind cuttings.
Well, I'd rather see it the other way than just blindness, but...
The American East, Washington and the whole nation are interested in these strikes that you've had at Western Central Railway.
What do you understand the details? Comprehensive.
Well, everybody up here has certainly very much concerned about it.
And there's a Southernhood of local-mortified women and engineers, the men and additional men on each multiple units of these, the school has these things.
They say that this action man is needed for safe operation.
The railroads on the other hand contain that this is others' other bedding, because they say the extra firemen perform no necessary functions.
And at the extra pay to the extra man to nullify the savings, and to the operation of these people.
But hasn't this argument been going on for a while?
Yes, it has. In fact, two residential strike-finding boards have considered the problem.
One I believe in 1943, and again in 1949.
And they recommended that the extra man not be employed.
Central question would seem to be, what to do about these two or more engines to displace.
When a road took up the 46-dead-speech of the units, the hull-alarm swing of fire is over the high grade.
Of course, we have no way of knowing what the railroads are saying about this matter in the full section.
But it isn't an important element and unemployment occasion by technological problems.
There's a Friday, you made a significant speech, especially on our foreign policy.
Do you have a short break, mate?
Well, I don't know if it's particularly significant, but I'd be glad to start to get a little resume.
I call the fine Secretary of State Ashes Institute to do everything he could to realize something more from the confidence of foreign ministers, and we usually achieve in diplomatic policy.
Our radar state department to get away from the traditional European method of displumbing, and as well as working principles of American democracy.
That of course is embodied in the Atlantic Federation plan, which I've been proposing for so long.
But so far, we are not making too much of a dent in the state department thinking.
The American people have confidence in this democratic method of solving our problems.
And I think the great majority of our people want to see this method effective, as you speak to us all about international problems.
Frankly, I'm not too hopeful as my ladies are just counseling us.
Those who plan our policy abroad will be effective.
But I cannot remain silent while these things will fly out, noted to figures, the modern situations.
The State Department, so far, has pulled a deployment to broken, is not solving the full world problems.
And we must somehow invent our leaders that need nothing, must be applied to new situations.
That is a big part of compensation of what I had to say to you, kind of Friday.
That way, it will ride you easy saying you never lost the war or other times.
That's exactly the case.
The figure thing is that all the world diplomats say we must have folks who are union among the three people of the world.
But as I told you, Friday, they say it must be spoken to unity among the fifth diplomats of those nations.
The European method of experiments is failed every day, and everyone complaining,
just by reading the headlines and listening to the news, starts there.
And so now I want to give the three people of the world a chance to proceed and solving this problem,
where the different methods failed and failed for a living.
And all of this, in any time, the three people have federated, they have always succeeded.
No federation of the three people has ever failed.
No diplomatic alliance is dedicated on three, as ever succeeded.
And Friday, and he learns the news is clear.
And after I see that I have the time to divide it up, I have just no questions knowing if the action is kind of going out.
I have a question for you next week.
Thank you for coming in.
All right, Friday, well, we will have some other things to talk about.
The next week, I will talk again about the three people of the world.
The four of them, the rest of the three people of the world, from your point of view,
from your point of view, what the three people of the world may be very interested in,
they are next to each other and say, you are back to being gay.
There again, I will talk again about the five of them.
There are two people, and I will talk again, so long for now.
And you do now.
There are two people of the world, and I will talk again about the three people.
How about you all get my picture?
No, I did not make it.
I did not make it.
No, I will talk about you.
I am not joking on time, but I am born.
I really do.